Agent 1

1. 4 use case rahenge  ppr/order /sample/quotation (note: nishchem will not have ppr)
2. when we are showing product in chatbot, we need to define seller name, when same product is sold is by different vendor 
3. once product is chosen by the user, then we need to show other details of the product such as description.,specification, brandname, pay later (optional) avl or not,
4. before proceeding for <request> chatbot needs to confirm the productname once again.
4.1 If no, show the product list again and request list, and once user confirms the product and the request then proceed.

json {
name, id, request, unit is a fixed value in the returned json}


Agent 2:
1. mention all the questions which should be asked which are there in the flow of the specific request.
2. while selecting quantity for order and quotation, if user selects for quantity below the min, there should be a reminder or alert to select the quantity above the minimum quantity.
3. For selecting the unit, order / quotation will only be accepted in the unit mentioned by the admin for nishchem. but for the sample part, it can go in any unit(KG/TON) otherwise in order/quotation the unit will be selected from the json returned from the API.

quantity, unit price, expected amount, incoterm (Ex-factory, buyer factory), mode of payment, packaging, additional information, end date

TOMMOROW (EOD)

Agent 3;
1. Fetch the address from the userAuth and display them and let the user choose from them.
2. Phone number , purpose(industry)




Quotation:
product, market, quantity, unit, price per unit, expected amount, shipping address, ph num, incoterm(fetch), 

mode of payment(Fetch) , packaging preference(Fetch) , ??
additional information(optional)

sample:
product, market, quantity, unit, price per unit, expected amount, shipping address, ph num, incoterm, 

mode of payment , packaging preference, ??
additional information (optional)
+ +expected purchase date

Order:
prod, quantity, unit, price per unit, expected amount, address, intercom, mode of payment, packaging preference, end date, 


ppr(chemfalcon only)
product, quantity, unit, expected price, end date, upload document,  address,























